Senpai noticed you, then moved 3,000 miles away.
Senpai sent you a nice email, then forgot about you.
Senpai has been noticing you the whole time.
Senpai favorited one of your tweets, then un-favorited it.
Senpai is afraid of you.
Senpai’s notice of you was just a phase.
Senpai just had a 300-message Twitter thread with you cc’d on it, but never addressed you directly.
Senpai saw you walking by their building, and wondered what you were doing in the neighborhood.
Senpai called 911 because of you.
Senpai was really excited to meet you, until they realized they’d confused you with someone else.
Senpai retweeted one of your tweets.
Senpai noticed that you hugged them a little too long.
Senpai’s arms were a little stiff when you hugged them.
Senpai noticed your t-shirt with their name and picture on it.
Senpai has a restraining order against you.
Senpai told you what a good friend you are.
Senpai doesn’t like you “like that.”
Senpai noticed you noticing them.
Senpai noticed you!
Senpai died, and their family would prefer you not come to the funeral.
Senpai only hangs out with you for your significant other.
Senpai collected a referral bonus because of you.
Senpai just wants to get hired at your company.
Senpai just wants to hire you at their company.
Senpai’s really sorry for the mis-understanding, but they just had a little too much to drink.
Senpai treats everyone that way.
Senpai notices everyone equally.
Senpai just likes your puppy.
Senpai is an equal-opportunity noticer.
Senpai is actually very good at noticing you.
Senpai is looking for a technical co-founder.
Senpai is just looking for a cheap rebound.
Senpai is just looking for a raid partner.
Sepai is just hoping you’ll round out their D&D group.
Senpai just wants to be friends.
Senpai needed you for an alibi.
Senpai mentioned that they saw you on Nextdoor, and they thought you looked suspicious.
Senpai wrote an unfavorable review of you on Peeple.
Senpai thinks you’re so funny.
Senpai thinks you’re cute.
Senpai forgot your name.
Senpai’s wondering, “Who are you again?”
Senpai thinks you should have coffee or something in San Francisco sometime.
Senpai wants to know where you work.
Senpai wants know if you can code.
Senpai just pities you.
Senpai feels sorry for you.
Senpai noticed your (npm) package.
Senpai thinks your dog is cute.
Senpai thinks your cat is cute.
Senpai noticed everyone else but you.
Senpai said hi to everyone but you.
Senpai calls everyone boo.
Senpai meant Netflix and chill literally. They brought an ice pack.
Conversations with senpai stuck to mundane topics.
Senpai keeps checking their phone.
Senpai likes the same anime. You have so much in common!
Senpai still hasn’t read that book series you recommended.
Senpai flirts with everyone.
Senpai was only kidding about swinging that way.
Senpai noticed your nail polish.
Senpai noticed your wrist cuff.
Senpai’s partner doesn’t like you.
Senpai is wondering what that smell is.
Senpai looked at your OKCupid profile, but didn’t message you.
Senpai swiped left on you.
Senpai swiped right on you.
Senpai hates your favorite show.
Senpai complained on Twitter about that thing you really like.
Senpai said something stupid on Twitter.
Senpai unfollowed you on Twitter.
Senpai thinks your friend is really cute.
Senpai never thinks about you.
Senpai hasn’t noticed you yet.
Senpai will never notice you.
Senpai asked their friend how to let you down easily.
Senpai is very sorry about the misunderstanding.
Senpai doesn’t want to be your friend.
Senpai wasn’t wearing their contacts today.
Senpai forgot their glasses at home.
Senpai exceeded their capacity for noticing anything.
Senpai wore a fedora today.
Senpai just re-tweeted Adam Baldwin.
Senpai keeps favoriting Breitbart on Twitter.
Senpai worked a 50-hour week and is too tired to notice you.
Senpai just needs some space.
Senpai feels really bad for leading you on like that.
Senpai is already dating enough people.
Senpai has no time for your nonsense.
Senpai slept with your best friend, allegedly.
Senpai wonders why you’re digging through their trash.
Senpai wonders why you keep sending them cute YouTube videos.
Senpai blocked you on Snapchat.
Senpai already saw that cat gif.
Senpai subtweeted about you.
Senpai followed you on Twitter.
Senpai friended you on Facebook.
Senpai muted your Tweets, out of pity.
Senpai liked one of your instagram photos.
Senpai thinks all your faves are problematic.
Senpai added you to their “rando” list.
Senpai is only willing to hang out with you in a group.
Senpai just likes you for your fake ID.
Senpai wants to meet your sibling.
Senpai just thinks your partner is cute.
Senpai thinks you remind them of their sibling.
Senpai didn’t even glance at you once.
Gee, senpai seems to treat that creepy person the same way they treat you.
Senpai’s senpai noticed you. That’s not what you intended!
Senpai noticed your laptop sticker of their face.
Senpai shares your strong opinions about baked items.
Senpai noticed that you have no idea what you're doing.